# Quarterly-Assessment-2
The Quarterly Assessment is an improved version of the previous Quiz Bowl application. There is 5 categories of the quiz for the user to choose from. The user would select the category they want a quiz on and the database should pull questions from it. After the user inputs there answers, it would display the correct and incorrect messages in green and red, respectively. 

# How to Run the Application
1. Run the program.
2. The program would ask the user to pick from the following 5 categories by inputting a number 1-5.
3. After the user inputs there selected category, the program will produce questions for the user to answer.
4. The program will then inform the user if the answer inputted is correct or incorrect.
5. Once the user runs through all 10 questions, the quiz will end. 
6. If the user wants to play the Quiz Bowl game again then they would have to re-run the program.

# Create File 
This file is populated with questions and answer from each of the 5 categories. The questions/answers are generated by AI and formatted to easily be pasted into the Python code. The create file is kept in the repository so the programmer could go back and add more categories or questions later.

# Database (questions.db)
The database file is used to create a database to store the questions and answers for each of the 5 categories. The 5 categories are determined from the classes I am currently emrolled in this semester. Each category would have 10 questions about the topic.

# Read File
The read file is utilized to extract the table name as well as the data (questions and answers) that populates the database.

# App File
The app file is an application that lets the user run the program and play the Quiz Bowl game. It would generate questions for the user to answer and then notify the user if there answer is correct or incorrect.

